For your second task, you will be using an assistance tool.
To use an assistant, you can hover the pen over the annotation.
A tooltip would appear on the right side of the document.
Tapping on the tooltip would activate it.
The system will guess on what the purpose of the annotation is.
Hovering over the options will give more details about the guesses.
If you are not satisfied with the options,
you can type your own purpose using the input provided.
When tapping an option, the system will
search for further annotations with the given purpose.
You can navigate recent annotations using the arrows on the left.
The system will give further explanation on why the sentence was annotated.
You can also hover over the annotation to navigate the annotations.
If you are satisfied with the annotation, you can like the annotation.
If you need to further annotate the sentence, you can do so by commenting.
If you think the sentence should not be annotated,
you can reject the annotation as well.
You can now practice the interface yourself.